//Sprint 3 Backlog.  
February 29 to March 07

User Stories from Product Backlog that we will address in this sprint:
a) As a user, I can navigate through directories and be able to see the content of the current directory and my full user path.
b) As a user, I can create or remove directories or files in any specified directory location. I can also display the latest directory that has been removed.
c) As a user, I can use command [history] so I can review my commands histories
d) As a user, I can view my user command history in numbered order from oldest to most recent. I can also choose to display my history from a reference number.
e) As a user, I can use command [cd] so I can change Directory
f) As a user, I can use command [ls] so I can see the contents of current working directory
g) As a user, I can print the documentation for a given command.
h) As a user, I can use command man [CMD] so I can print documentation for CMD. 
i) As a user, I can use command [pushd] so I can navigate through files more efficiently
j) As a user, I can use command [popd] so I can navigate through files more efficiently


Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-1. (File) Implement File class
b-1. (Mkdir) Fix Mkdir class for relative paths
b-2. (Directory) Revise and implement Directory class.
c-1. (Man) Implement Man class. 
c-2. (History) Revise and implement History class.
d-1. (Ls) Implement the Ls class.
d-2. (Pushd) Implement the Pushd class.
e-1. (Popd) Implement the Popd class.
e-2. (CommandManager) Add exit class and debug
e-3. (JShell) Make sure JShell can successfully execute the program.
f-1. (Test) create test files for mkdir, cd, ls, pwd
f-2. (Test) create test files for cat, echo, exit,
f-3. (Test) create test files for pushd, popd
f-4. (Test) create test files for Man, history
g-1. (crcCards) Finalize CRC cards.
g-2. (Exit) Implement Exit class

These tasks are assigned as follows:

User: Saima Begum
Tasks: f-2, g-1, g-2

User: Monica Iqbal
Tasks: f-3, f-1, f-4

User: Tae Hoon Jun
Tasks: d-1, b-1, e-3, e-2

User: Lauren Zeng
Tasks: c-2, a-1, d-2, e-1