//Sprint 2 Backlog.  
February 23 to February 29

User Stories from Product Backlog that we will address in this sprint:
a) As a user, I can navigate through directories and be able to see the content of the current directory and my full user path.
b) As a user, I can create or remove directories or files in any specified directory location. I can also display the latest directory that has been removed.
c) As a user, I can edit files(Overwrite or append)
d) As a user, I can enter and quit a program and add or remove content from file.
e) As a user, I can use command [cd] so I can change Directory
f) As a user, I can use command [ls] so I can see the contents of current working directory
g) As a user, I can use command [echo] so I can put a string in a file
h) As a user, I can use command [cat] so I can see the contents from different files with them concatenated
i) As a user, I can use command [pushd] so I can navigate through files more efficiently
j) As a user, I can use command [popd] so I can navigate through files more efficiently
k) As a user, I can create or remove directories or files in any specified directory location. I can also display the latest directory that has been removed.

Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-1. (FileSystem) write base code for FileSystem class
a-2. (Command) Take user input in Command class and collaborate with subclasses
b-1. (Mkdir) Add collaboration and inheritance to Mkdir class
b-2. (Directory) Revise and implement Directory class.
b-3. (Directory) Keep track of directory path in Directory class
c-1. (Cd) Implement the Cd class
c-2. (Echo) Implement the Echo class.
c-3. (Ls) Implement the Ls class.
d-1. (Cat) Implement the Cat class.
d-2. (Pushd) Implement the Pushd class.
e-1. (Popd) Implement the Popd class.
e-2. (FileManager) Write base code for FileManager class
e-3. (File) Implement the File class


These tasks are assigned as follows:

User: Saima Begum
Tasks: c-1, c-2, d-1

User: Monica Iqbal
Tasks: c-3, e-2, e-3

User: Tae Hoon Jun
Tasks: a-1, a-2

User: Lauren Zeng
Tasks: b-1, b-2, b-3, d-2, e-1